well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we are going to talk
about the wall GoFundMe why because the
money is being refined 'add go figure
the guy that is in charge of the
GoFundMe says that he would like people
to redirect their donations to his new
nonprofit I'm not sure how I feel about
that
the reason the money is being refunded
is because they realized that they can't
give the money to the government and
make the government do what they want
that's not how our country works I would
be leery of any nonprofit set up with
that intention and that does not
understand that it's terrifying to me
that people thought that that was how it
worked more importantly what is more
terrifying to me is watching people do
the math on this so we're gonna do the
math supporters are saying they raised a
fifth of of the goal no no you didn't
know you didn't a fifth of a billion
dollars is 200 million dollars you
raised 20 that's attempts he raised a
tenth of a fifth see raise a 50th of a
billion dollars raise two percent and
that's cool except that the billion
dollars is a fifth of what Trump's
asking for so you raised one two hundred
and fiftieth and what he's asking for is
the down payment estimates for the
completed wall range from 20 to 70
billion dollars the one that I liked
like when I looked at the methodology
the one that I think's accurate is about
thirty-five billion dollars so you need
to take that 250 and multiply it by
seven so you have raised one 1715 of
what is required to build the wall
that's that's nothing
it's nothing they didn't put it down in
it this does not prove that people want
the wall in fact it proves the opposite
if just 1/3 1/3 of the people in the
United States one of the wall and we're
willing to give $1 $1 it would have
raised more than a hundred million
dollars but it didn't it did not think
the easiest way to put in perspective
how much money was actually raised is to
not look at the cost of building the
wall but rather just the maintenance the
wall is going to run about a hundred
fifty million dollars a year in
maintenance so if you ran this GoFundMe
every other month and you got 20 million
dollars every other month well you'd be
able to pay to maintain it
the reason the GoFundMe was an utter
failure
other than its complete lack of
understanding of how the country works
is the fact that Americans don't want
the wall Americans don't want the wall
they know that it's morally wrong they
know it's ethically wrong they know it's
legally wrong they know it's
economically wrong and they know that
you're mathematically wrong I think most
Americans shudder at the idea of a
foreign head of state looking at our
president in 20 years going mr.
president tear down this wall we don't
want to join the ranks of countries that
are gay engage in apartheid it's not
what we want most people anyway
and I've had people say you know other
countries have walls that have worked
name one and the one that people who is
always point to is Israel Israel has a
wall and it works I'm not going to get
into the the moral arguments surrounding
the israeli-palestinian conflict what I
am going to do is talk about the
effectiveness of that wall and the
differences between the u.s. wall and
the proposed u.s. wall and their wall
their wall is not a line that can be
bypassed their wall surrounds their
opposition they also control the waters
off the coast they also control the air
and it wasn't designed to stop
immigration it was designed to stop
terrorism and they do a whole bunch of
things that would be illegal and
unconstitutional in the United States to
attempt to make that wall work and it
doesn't you point to it as a success but
it does not work if it did work it
wouldn't be in the news all the time
what did it do change the method of
delivery that's what it did that's it
instead of some PLF guy walking in and
dropping some syntax somewhere and now
they fire a rocket that the IDF the
Israeli Defense Forces they find tunnels
all the time the wall didn't work there
either guys and that's with completely
subverting everything that we hold dear
in the United States as far as
unreasonable search and seizure you know
the separation not using the military at
home we'd have to give all of that up
and it still wouldn't work I actually
love the example anyway so it's just a
thought y'all have a good night